Week 2

Formed a group of 4. We decided to pick topic 1 (conversational agent) for our project.
Discussion about what epics we need to achieve eventually. Wrote draft proposal.

Week 3

Planned to create a Chat bot which can handle enquiries about CSE courses, including course
recommendation, course vacancies, lecturer contact details, etc. Later on, make the agent more
flexible and be able to adapt to various use scenarios. Defined 3 main epics of these project,
which are natural language understanding, data collection and UI design. Finalised project
proposal and submitted it. Started doing research.

Week 4

I focused on data crawling and collection. Starting with CSE postgraduate elective courses list.
Use python library (BeautifulSoup) to extract useful info from HTML files, and store them in
JSON or dictionary format. Simple demo during Tuesday lab. So far I can collect course code, course
name, description, prerequisite and link of timetable for each CSE postgraduate course. However,
still struggling with timetable collection due to its format. Need to make it less hard-coding as well.

Week 5

Used mongoengine (a python library for MongoDB) to create a NoSQL database for courses. The database is
document-based, which means each document represent a course. Inside each document, there are details
including course name, adk, prerequisite and description. Developed my part of code so that I can
integrate mine with my teammates'. Prepare for next week's demo.

Week 6

Demonstrated our Chat Bot and planned for further development. Started to collect data for different
CSE Postgraduate Streams.

Week 7

Created Stream database to store required courses of different areas of streams. Developed functions
to retrieve details of streams. In this way, we can provide course recommendation based on user's input.
Also, integrate my code with other team members' to prepare for next week's demo.

Week 8

Demonstrated Chat bot and planned for next demo.

Week 9

Created another table for staff details. Waited for team member to collect more teaching details. Also,
wrote search functions for 'Staff' table.

Week 10

Add more info about staff for the 'Staff table'. Also add timetable for courses.

Week 11

Minor bug fix and prepared for the final demo next week.
