Work Diary
Course : COMP9900
Name: Arvind Bahl
zid: 5129975

Week 1

Attended the lecture and went through course outline, course requirements and all the material on the course website.

Week 2

Formed the group. Explored all the project topics available for implementation. Discussed with the 
teammates and finalised Chatbot as the topic. Did research on the Chatbot and helped the teammates in
deciding epics and project proposal. Setup the Github for the project on the local machine.

Week 3

Took up the task of creating add-in for the browser. Started studying Django tutorials, manuals and other resources. 
Implemented basic web server using the Django and using basic browser an add-in to interact with it. Dropped the planned of
implementing it further as team-mates wanted my help in data collections.

Week 4

Took up the data collection of collecting the data from multiple web pages with hierarchy starting from one webpage
as a root and going to the bottom of the tree, crawling all the links in the website and sub-websites. Studied Beautifulsoup library
and setup the environment for coding, implemented data collection for staff course relation and staff type relation.

Week 5

Completed staff course relation and staff type relation, thus developing python code, to save the crawling and scraping data
in CSV file. Started working on course staff relation. Facing issues with the find functions in Beautifulsoup library,
therefore, developed customised logic and python code for WebCMS site.

Week 6

Completed course staff relation, developed code and pushed the code and the CSV file to GitHub. Started working on 
staff contact details code, developing code to gather data from different types of websites. Also developing and debugging
issues arising in extracting information from the website pop up.

Week 7

Working on fixing bugs in the code related to website pop up information gathering, added code for string manipulation
in case of long single string separating the contact details in different strings, cases and also keeping names same. Now information gathered by the code
is a name, email id, phone number and contact details. pushed the code and CSV files to Github.

Week 8

Started creating code for course gathering course related information. Successfully build code to gather all the information
on the course handbook. Challenging part is finding the details as all the elements are tagged as data. Developed logic to
search the list manipulated the strings and save it in the dictionary with the key as the course and value as the lecture time.
Completed and pushed the code and CSV to Github.

Week 9

Started working on a project report, completed the format and table of contents. Passed it to scrum master for Tutors review.
Working on data updating code. implementing two different systems for code update the first is complete update second one
is only html diff update. Decided to implement complete update and second one requires a lot of space.

Week 10

Implemented data update code. Tested the update part by checking the CSV file results manually. Started working on the packaging of
the code to single exe file. Developed the build and compile the code to form exe. Verified the data is getting updated
and parameter passing for current date year is working fine.

Week 11

Working on creating the service for automatic update of the data. Created the service and tested the data is getting updated correctly.
Worked on writing introduction and objectives for the report. Modified the report content as per tutors' suggestions.
Preparing the presentation for the final demo.

Week 12 

Practiced presentation with the team and completed the presentation. Gave the final demo and presentation. working on 
completing my part in the report and preparing user manuals.

