week 2

Formed a group of four. Discussed with group members on three available project topics, and picked topic 1 for our project. Started research on project related areas.

week 3

Discussed with group members on what the potential requirements of our application are, settled on epic selection as well as individual task division. Wrote and polished group project proposal. Focused on searching for resources related to NLP/Question Parsing, some of them seem to be quite useful and handy.

week 4

Implemented a basic version to handle user inputs using the resources found last week. It is able to distinguish different types of questions as we specified and perform appropriate actions accordingly, and extract the key words from user input, which will be used to search for answers. Wrote the training data and tested the implementation. Discussed the high level design with group members. 

week 5
Modified my part of code to accommodate our project requirements, classified all possible queries, mannully added more training data accordingly. Integrated with other group members, tested and debugged this basic version.

week 6
Project Demo. Disscussed with the tutor and other members on featuries and further implementation. Been writing more training data to improve NLP accuracy and debugging.

week 7
Added functions to align with progress in database implementation, wrote more training data to handle related queries. Integrated with other members. Made several modifications to handle errors and corner cases.

week 8
Added more training data to handle more questions including both general and specific ones. Bit internal structure modifications for future development convenience.

week 9
Searching for speech recognization resources, started the SR implementation for our Chat bot. Added more training data for more types of questions.

week 10
Decided not to use SR in our Chat Bot because most of the keywords in the query are not English words(like course code, COMP1234, and lecturer's name, etc.), thus, hard to be recognised correctly sometimes, which causes instability, also, our accent makes testing a bit difficult. This week mainly focused on testing our Chat Bot with more types of potential questions, and debugging accordingly.

week 11
Added more training data as a follow up from debugging last week. Prepare for the demo and final report.







